hi my name is david goldfarb president
of primetime amusements a family-owned
operation based here in south florida
I'd appreciate a few minutes of your
time to tell you about two new products
that are already on the market making
lots of money in various types of
locations primetime amusements has a
hundred thousand square foot facility
located in South Florida the facility
contains an indoor amusement park
complete with concessions our case two
indoor go-kart tracks and more it also
serves as prime times the nationwide
distribution center our various products
can accommodate any type of location our
clients range from small family-owned
businesses to large FPC facilities in
addition primetime amusements is the
exclusive operator from Universal
Studios amusement parks primetime
amusements is the sole US distributor
for the knockout product line this line
includes boxing soccer arm wrestling and
more modifications of the products are
done in-house and they meet all ul
requirements we carry a full line of
parts in stock that are available for
overnight shipping prime times technical
staff is also available for any repair
questions you may encounter our knockout
boxer is our hottest new item it is the
ultimate test of speed and strength
clients in many different types of
locations have consistently seen
revenues exceed $500 per week the game
offers a unique style of play that
cannot be duplicated for home use the
gameplay is simple
insert quarters or tokens a bill
acceptor is optional and test your
skills for a round
the start button is hit the bag drops
down and the game begins competition is
encouraged as gamers buy for the highest
score the score Scrolls up the strength
and down force pizzas
head-to-head competition is great for
revenues the game takes just seconds to
play and it cost of 50 cents per punch
locations love the machine as customers
continue to come back for more
some knockouts have exceeded revenues of
2,500 dollars per week the knockout is
currently the number one game in all the
arcades at Universal Studios it's no
surprise that a machine like this is
ideal for locations such as bars clubs
theaters and amusement parks
boxing's not your thing test your skills
with the newest soccer challenge the
primetime kicker compete amongst friends
rivals or countries by kicking a soccer
ball that measures speed and power
average weekly revenues exceed $300 kids
enjoy the gameplay and is great for
family competition just like the boxer
the kickers ideal for locations such as
theatres amusement parks and Effie C's
revenues also tend to increase when
paired with a boxer look for many new
exciting and interactive products coming
from primetime our armwrestling machine
recently hit the market and is great for
locations similar to the boxer and
kicker finally interactive competition
is here buckets will be overflowing
reporters with these exciting new
products if you'd like more information
on tame your own boxer kicker or arm
wrestling call 305 7 7 o game or visit
our website at